[OSDOCS#16946]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114626)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-flexvolume-drivers.adoc

[id="flexvolume-drivers_{context}"]

> = About FlexVolume drivers
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> A FlexVolume driver is an executable file that resides in a well-defined directory on all nodes in the cluster. {product-title} calls the FlexVolume driver whenever it needs to mount or unmount a volume represented by a `PersistentVolume` object with `flexVolume` as the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
When working with FlexVolume drivers, it is helpful to understand how {product-title} interact with the drivers. 

A FlexVolume driver is an executable file that resides in a well-defined directory on all nodes in the cluster. {product-title} calls the FlexVolume driver whenever it needs to mount or unmount a volume represented by a `PersistentVolume` object with `flexVolume` as the source.
```
